feat: enhance cli config file location documentation (#1040)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/getting-started/cli.mdx

- Using CLI flags.
- Using environment variables.

> - Storing configuration values in a .fga.yaml located in one of the following directories, in order of precedence (top has highest priority):
>   - The current working directory
>   - The user-specific config directory: 
>     - On unix systems: $XDG_CONFIG_HOME value if provided, otherwise $HOME/.config
>     - On windows: %AppData%
>   - The fga subdirectory under the user-specific config directory
>   - The current user's home directory:
>     - On unix systems: $HOME
>     - On windows: %USERPROFILE%

Reviewer: We could make it more clear, sepcific and also improved the formatting!
```suggestion
- Using a `.fga.yaml` configuration file, searched in the following order (highest to lowest priority):

  1. **Current working directory**
  2. **User-specific config directory**

     * Unix: `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` (if set), otherwise `$HOME/.config`
     * Windows: `%AppData%`
  3. **`fga` subdirectory under the user config directory**
  4. **User's home directory**

     * Unix: `$HOME`
     * Windows: `%USERPROFILE%`
```
